So as we're generating out the enemies we can also generate a random color.
So we're gonna add in a function that's going to generate that random color.
We can just call it random color and we want to return back random hex values.
So we're returning back and with hex.
We need to do the hash in front of it for the color and we're going to run several functions to integrate
these functions that are generate generate out the value of a random hex value.
So creating a function we can call it function c we only need a t to use it within the random color.
We're going to call to this value.
So creating out our hex value using math and math random and you'll see that online there's several
different ways.
And there's actually some shorter ones as well to generate random colors.
This one's a little bit easier to explain.
So we see that we're generating a random number from 0 to 255 and we know all of those digits.
So if we do an RG B color that should be 0 to 255 and what we want to do is watch transform this to
a string value to a hex value.
And the way that we do that is we do two string sixteen.
So that's going to convert our decimal number to a hex number returning back.
And as we know with colors we get F F E and so on.
So those give us that 255 0 to 255 in a string value.
And there's one other thing that we do need to take care of before we return this value.
And that's in case we end up with only a one digit number within our hex value for the colors.
We're gonna need all six characters.
So this is to make sure that in case our hex value turns out to be only one character we're going to
use a substring value of minus two.
And you can use this for numbers as well to make sure that you do get instead of If You Go Down Under
10 you're only gonna have one digit there if you want two tickets then you can do this as well.
So this will always make sure that you're returning back a value of at least two characters two digits.
So we've got our zero that we're placing in front of it.
And if we need to use it.
So zero plus the string value of hex which is this one we've generated up here.
And if this one is two characters then it's only going to return back the last two characters if it's
one character then it's going to still return back the last two characters but we're dropping a zero
in front of it.
So now that we've generated a random color we can update this value to be random colors and you'll see
that now we're generating random colors for those enemy cars.
Also we need to apply that into where we're generating the items as well so whenever they run off of
the page and this is another one of those optional things.
So if it runs off the page we can generate a random color for it.
So assigning a different color value to it.
And again this is another one of those optional things that we don't have to add but we can add if we
want to of course also within the enemy you can add in value in the inner H2 AML and you can set a value
of X if you wanted to so we could do X plus 1.
So you know what card number it is.
And then going back into here if we have any text in here we can make this really big so we can do font
size and set that to be two and also get rid of that name car as we're generating out our car we don't
need to to write car on it of course.
So as we generate this out we can get rid of this line here that's writing out the inner text for that
for our.
So you can see now we've got the cars they're going to have numbers on them.
So one two three and then we're going to have one coming back and so on.
So going back let's also or we'll do a text align and center text along and also vertical line so align
it to the middle.
So see how that looks.
And if we wanted to as well we could add in a space there.
So a line break.
So where we've got that in our H2 Mel because it is H2 Mel.
Of course.
So that we'll move it down one.
So let's try that game out and we'll work through any of the final bugs that we have within the game
and the application in the upcoming lesson so that's still to come as well as we can make them look
a little bit more like cars as well within the CSA us if we wanted to.